Database name is not necessarily a JNDI name (#128)
frankframework/frank-manual: docs/source/advancedDevelopment/database/database.rst

To understand the attribute ``datasourceName="jdbc/${instance.name.lc}"``, you first have to understand property ``instance.name.lc``, see subsection :ref:`propertiesFramework`. Each instance of the Frank!Framework must define a property ``instance.name``. The Frank!Framework automatically calculates property ``instance.name.lc`` by taking the value of ``instance.name`` and replacing uppercase letters with lowercase letters. For example, if ``instance.name`` is ``MyApp``, then ``instance.name.lc`` becomes ``myapp``. In this case, the shown attribute is equivalent to ``datasourceName="jdbc/myapp"``.

> Your deployed configuration thus uses a database that is referenced by the name ``jdbc/myapp`` (or ``jdbc/otherapp`` if ``instance.name`` would be ``OtherApp``). To link a database name to an actual database, the Frank!Framework has to know a few properties: the username and the password, the URL where the database can be reached and the Java class the Frank!Framework should use to drive the database. These are not defined like Frank!Framework properties as described in :ref:`properties`. Instead, they are usually defined in a file ``resources.yml``, see :ref:`deployingDatabase`. For older versions of the Frank!Framework and when application server Apache Tomcat is used, these configurations are done in Tomcat's ``context.xml`` file. This way, Frank developers can write configurations that are independent of the database used by the customer. Furthermore, Frank developers do not have to add sensitive information to Frank configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your deployed configuration thus uses a database that is referenced by the name ``jdbc/myapp`` (or ``jdbc/otherapp`` if ``instance.name`` would be ``OtherApp``). To link a database name to an actual database, the Frank!Framework has to know a few properties: the username and the password, the URL where the database can be reached and the Java class of the driver or datasource the Frank!Framework should use to connect to the database. These are not defined like Frank!Framework properties as described in :ref:`properties`. Instead, they are usually defined in a file ``resources.yml``, see :ref:`deployingDatabase`. For older versions of the Frank!Framework and when application server Apache Tomcat is used, these configurations are done in Tomcat's ``context.xml`` file. This way, Frank developers can write configurations that are independent of the database used by the customer. Furthermore, Frank developers do not have to add sensitive information to Frank configurations.
```
